[DNM/WIP] doc: matter: update docs for CHIP Tool (#7326)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_matter_configuring_controller.rst

The Matter controller implementation for the nRF Connect platform can be of the following types:

> * CHIP Tool controller for Linux or macOS (recommended)

Reviewer: Doesn't it look like we recommend the macOS version? I mean the recommendation concerns the chip-tool in general.

Author: Rephrased.

* Mobile controller for Android
* Python controller for Linux

These controller types are compatible with the |NCS| implementation of Matter.
In the Matter upstream repository, you can find information and resources for implementing `other controller setups`_ (for example, for mobile controller for iOS).

.. _ug_matter_configuring_controller_chip_tool:

CHIP Tool controller for Linux or macOS
***************************************

The CHIP Tool controller is the default implementation of the Matter controller role, recommended for the nRF Connect platform.
You can use it either on a separate device from Thread Border Router or on the same device as Thread Border Router, depending on which :ref:`development environment setup option <ug_matter_configuring>` you choose.

> CHIP Tool is available for Linux, macOS, and Raspberry Pi's 64-bit OS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CHIP Tool is available for Linux and macOS, and for both amd64 and aarch64 CPU architectures.
The latter implies that the tool can be run on a Raspberry Pi with a 64-bit OS, too.
```
Maybe sth like that given that RPi also runs Linux?

* Build it manually from the source files available in the :file:`modules/lib/matter/src/android/CHIPTool` directory and using the building instructions from the :doc:`matter:android_building` page in the Matter documentation.

For instructions about how to test using the Mobile Controller for Android, see the :doc:`matter:nrfconnect_android_commissioning` page in the Matter documentation.

.. _ug_matter_configuring_controller_pc:

Python controller for Linux
***************************

The Python Matter controller allows you to test Matter applications on a PC running Linux.
You can use it either on a separate device from Thread Border Router or on the same device as Thread Border Router, depending on which :ref:`development environment setup option <ug_matter_configuring>` you choose.

To use this controller type, choose one of the following options:

> * Use the prebuilt tool package from the `Matter nRF Connect releases`_ GitHub page.

Author: Great.
